The Dark One got inside my head.
Violet! No!
I wasn't prepared.
I can feel my power returning.
But only just a taste.
Part of me still
remains captive.
Axel: There's some orange powde
floating around out there.
It's deadly to both humans
and vampires.
You got to avoid it
at all costs.
Use masks whenever you can,
you got me?
Go my pet!
Fetch my desire!
[evil laughter]
♪
Ever since the rising my primary
goal is to protect you.
Look, I've made some mistakes
and there are things I wish
had gone differently,
but you, Violet,
I wish I could tell you
how important you are to me.
Don't go‐
[groans in pain]
[screaming and sobbing]
You know what I miss more
than chocolate?
[laughs]
Yeah, I haven't had a man
in centuries.
I only ever had two or three.
At a time.
I highly recommend it.
[laughing]
Whore.
You?
You need to catch up.
How old were you,
your first time, Ivory?
Oh, you don't wanna know.
Violet?
How about you?
How about me what?
Ah.
[laughing]
Just ignore them.
Come join us.
Come on.
Now you are part of the circle
and you must tell us everything.
When was your first time?
Alright, let's just say what
happens in military school
stays in military school.
Yes! Yes!
Yes, yes!
What did you do?
[laughing]
Ok, ok.
It's more pressing
than first times.
Who's having first watch?
I will.
I haven't been drunk
in a long time
and why waste the buzz
by sleeping?
Claire, wear your mask.
You can't see that orange dust
in the dark.
Hey.
Are you ok?
Yeah. No, I'm alright.
Scared, actually.
I'm not used to that anymore.
It's been a while.
Now that orange powder
kills vampires and people,
it's a lot to worry about.
Yeah, it is.
But we'll get through
this together.
Hey, Claire?
I'll take second watch.
[whispering voices]
[twig snaps]
[rustling sounds]
[whispering voices]
[out of breath]
[dramatic theme music]
♪
Claire!
Claire was supposed to wake me
to keep watch.
Claire!
Fan out.
We have to find her.
‐Claire!
Claire!
Where are you?
There!
Where?
There! Right there!
Claire!!!
Claire!
Oh, my god. No.
Zuma.
Claire.
Zuma, wait.
Zuma wait!!!
Claire. Claire.
[sobbing]
I should have taken
first watch.
This isn't your fault.
I know their kind.
I would have sensed
them coming.
Who?
And why put her heart
in her hand?
'Cause it's a warning.
It's to mark their territory.
Desert vampires did this.
How?
There are no tracks anywhere.
She would have wanted you
to have this.
You know, I used to send them
to their deaths
without even a second thought.
And now I...
The vampires that did this...
They're gonna pay the price.
[smash]
Smells like something rotted
in here.
Hey!
What do you think you're doing?
I'm making sure that whatever's
in this place dies.
We clean these rooms together
as a unit, ok?
Groups of two,
room by room
until we're certain
it's all clean.
Don't let your guard down
and don't leave your partner.
Understand?
Zuma, Mira, you guys
take upstairs.
Ivory and I will take this floor
and the basement.
If it moves, kill it.
[door creaks]
Hey! Hey!
I know you're pissed off
about Claire, we all are.
But this shit right here,
revenge, it's reckless.
It's not just about Claire.
Jack.
I miss her, too.
We're gonna get
her back somehow.
Just keep searching.
What is that smell?
[flies buzzing]
I found the stink.
Mira!
[gunshots]
No, no!
Mira!!!
[struggling]
Fight!
Fight Mira!
[struggling grunts]
[fighting grunts]
[gunfire]
This is for my sister!!!
Mira!
Are you ok?
How did you let it get
so close?!
Hey!
Huh?!
It just grabbed me,
I don't know.
Come on.
We should make sure
that's the last of them.
Zuma, why don't you get
her downstairs?
Let's go.
Come on.
She was a great fighter
in the Sisterhood.
But this Mira?
I don't understand.
She's not a vampire
warrior anymore.
She's human.
You should get to know
that person.
Violet: So you two knew each
other before you were turned?
Ivory: Yes.
Zuma lived just a few houses
down from my family.
Zuma: And then
the Spanish arrived.
They were convinced we had a
stock of gold hidden somewhere.
At first they tried
to trade for it.
And our leaders tried
to convince them
that we simply didn't have any.
My father was the first
to be slaughtered.
And then your father
just a few days later?
And all my brothers, too.
Right in front of me.
I tried to fight but there were
too many...
...around your house.
You know, Zuma was one of the
best warriors in our village.
I mean, the men
would never admit it,
especially the ones she bested.
What happened next?
They tried to convert us.
Accept their faith
like it was a gift.
And when we refused
they burned us at the stake.
One by one.
The flames went out
before most had died.
They left us like that.
Chained, screaming.
How did you guys survive?
Michaela.
She came from the darkness.
She turned us.
Forced us into the Sisterhood.
Salvation.
There were just centuries
of darkness and death.
I need some water.
I had no idea,
all these years.
These memories...
They don't really live in me
as a vampire but now...
But what about your life,
before Michaela turned you?
I don't even know your story.
Michaela?
Yeah.
What was that?!
There's something out there.
Where?
I don't see anything.
It's something, I swear.
The darkness can play tricks
on your mind.
I know what I saw.
Where's Zuma?
Zuma?
‐Zuma!
‐Zuma!!
I don't see her.
Down there.
Zuma?
Zuma.
Zuma, what're you doing?
Zuma?
Stop this.
What the ?!
Zuma!
Zuma, what're you doing?
Alas, the darkness, it calls.
[echoing]
Can't you hear it?
Zuma, listen to me.
Listen to my voice.
Your voice?
There's only one voice now.
It wants.
[echoing]
I can't stop it.
And you will not deny me.
[swords clashing]
Everyone down!
Mira wait! Mira!!
Zuma, no!
Mira!
Stop her!
Don't let her open the amulet!
[whispering voices]
Mira! Mira, do something!
[thud]
[gasping]
Why didn't you do something,
hmm?
Are you a coward?
‐Hey!
‐Are you a coward now?!
Violet: Ok, stop it!
Is that what you are?!
Stop!
We could have saved Zuma!
You saw her‐
We could have done that.
You saw her, ok?
She was‐ I don't know
what she was,
but it wasn't Zuma.
It wasn't her.
It was the shadow.
I saw it down there right
before she attacked you.
What did you see?
I don't know.
It was like a shadow came alive.
It did something to Zuma
and I think it killed Claire
and now it is going to kill us.
What is it?
I'm... I'm not sure.
Remember that piece of
whatever this is that got out?
What if it got back
to the Dark One?
You know, like what if
it kinda just went home,
like it's a piece of her?
Zuma was trying to get this,
which can only mean
that whatever was controlling
her was sent by the Dark One.
She knows a piece of her is
in this and she wants it back.
There was this tale that
went through the Sisterhood.
What tale?
It was long before
you were turned.
It was a hunter,
the Vanator.
Michaela tried for decades
to conjure one up.
It's a spirit form
the Dark Realm
and it hunts its prey
in the darkness.
It‐ it kills anyone that stands
in its way
until it gets what it wants.
It's unstoppable.
It's un‐killable.
So you think that's
what this is?
A Vanator?
Well then there must be
some way to destroy it.
No.
Only the one that summons
it can destroy it.
Well, I don't think the Dark One
is gonna have a change of heart,
so... I don't know.
Like, we‐ we try to outrun it.
Yeah.
Get it to lose our trail.
[thunderous sounds]
We can't outrun it.
It's not gonna be safe out there
until dawn.
Can we keep it out?
I mean, maybe?
I mean, we're gonna try.
We gotta mark our territory.
How?
What does any of this have to do
with The Vanator?
We need to protect ourselves
right now!
We've gotta bind our territory.
A mark a line of blood
in every entrance.
We gotta mark the whole house.
Mira, upstairs.
You take the bedrooms
on the left.
Come on!!!
[whispering voices]
Jack's voice: Violet, come
quickly. I'm here.
Come outside.
We'll be safe.
Jack?
I'm coming.
I'm coming!
Jack, I'm coming.
Jack! Jack! I'm coming!
She left us.
What?
She just walked out.
It's that thing, isn't it?
The Vanator.
Violet!
Jack!
Jack's voice:
Violet! Come find me.
Jack!
Jack, I'm gonna save you!
Jack's voice: You're close.
Jack!
Tell me where you are!
Ivory: Violet! Violet!
Violet! Violet!!
Vanator: Violet,
we can be whole.
Ivory: Violet! Violet!
But I shouldn't.
Ivory: Violet, no!
I really shouldn't.
Violet, no, no!
Yes.
Close your eyes, Violet.
She must be free.
No!
I will free her.
Violet, Violet don't!
Don't do it!
No!
[gun shots]
This needs to happen.
Ivory.
Violet!
Come on. Come on.
Come on, wake up.
Mira!
Mira!!
Mira!!!
Close your eyes!
Call out to me so I can follow
your voice!
Mira!!!
This way! I'm here!
[banging]
You killed her?
[stammering]
Uh...uh...
I had to. The thing wouldn't
let her go!
What if she's still under
the influence of that thing?
Come on, Violet. Fight.
Fight! Fight!
She could kill us
if you're wrong.
Just shut up, ok?!
[sobbing]
Fight, please.
Come back! Come back!
[gasps]
[catches her breath]
Where's the amulet?
Where is the amulet?
Where ishe
I have it.
Put the gun down.
Is it empty?
Did I open the amulet?
No. Just put the gun down.
Ok.
How are you feeling?
Like I just got stabbed
in the heart.
You looked right at it,
didn't you?
That's how it gets control.
I thought I was talking to Jack.
But it wasn't her.
It got inside my head.
It didn't want you dead.
No, not until I opened
the amulet
and let the darkness get out.
I'm sorry.
For what?
I'm gonna get us killed.
I just know it.
Why would you say something
like that?
Because I don't wanna die, ok?
After what I felt earlier.
What you felt?
Mira, you better tell us.
When that vampire attacked me
upstairs I was so scared.
We're all scared.
This is different.
I'm not used to feeling human
emotions and it overwhelmed me.
But you're a sister.
You've been trained to fight.
I'm not like you, ok?
I was a normal person
with a normal life
and you took that away
from me, Ivory.
When I look at you,
when I close my eyes
and think of what I'm most
afraid of, it's you.
What?
You turned me and you
don't even remember.
You stormed my parents' house.
You and your Sisterhood.
You drank my family dry.
My baby brother.
My real sisters.
My mother.
Mira, I'm sorry I caused you
that pain‐
I know that wasn't you, Ivory,
but when I look at you
all I see is that monster.
[thunderous sound]
It's trying to get past
our defences.
Maybe we should just give it
what it wants
and it will leave us alone.
That will never happen.
What's inside my amulet
is too powerful.
It's not gonna be safe out there
until dawn.
It only hunts at night.
We won't last that long.
Listen, Mira.
I know I'm the reason
why you're here.
I know it's my fault but
you have to listen to us.
Together we're gonna get
through this, ok?
Ok.
We're all exhausted.
We're all scared.
We just stay downstairs
until dawn
and then we'll just get as far
from here as we can.
Ok?
‐Ok.
Hey, what're you reading?
The history of vampires.
Maybe there's something in here
about beating a Vanator.
You know, it's worth
a shot anyway.
What're you doing?
It's cold.
I'm gonna light a fire.
Mira?
Mira? We're over here.
We need your help.
Have you come back for us?
Help us.
Mira please, we're in here.
Mira, Mira please.
You said that Michaela tried
to conjure a Vanator.
Do you remember anything
about that?
Ivory: It was so long ago,
those memories are kinda hazy.
I'm thinking that
if Michaela knew
then maybe Abraham did, too.
And maybe he put something
in this book.
Mira?
Mira, put down those swords.
She must be whole again.
Ivory, somehow
The Vanator got her.
Give me the amulet.
Get back.
Mira, don't listen to what
it tells you to do.
Don't listen to them.
Help us.
Give it to me.
Mira, I know you're in there.
You need to fight it.
Help us.
[sobs]
I can't.
Yes, you can.
You can.
I'm so scared.
No, don't be scared.
Fight the fear.
Ivory: Come on, do it.
You can do it.
Listen to us.
Give me the amulet.
Oh, Mira.
I know you're not that monster,
Ivory.
I'm sorry.
No, no, no, no, no, Mira.
Please don't.
Put down the swords.
Mira, please.
Don't do it.
Mira!!!
[gasping]
[sobbing]
She did it for us.
She was my last sister
and now it's just me.
I don't deserve
to be the last.
Ivory.
Ivory, don't break now.
We need you, ok?
I don't remember changing her.
It's true.
Because there was so many.
It's not your fault.
It's not.
I was a normal person, too.
I was gonna have a family.
I was gonna give my mother
grandchildren.
This is the Dark One's fault.
All of this.
This shit is what her evil does.
You say that but you
don't really know, Violet.
You've never really felt
the darkness.
Watching my dad try to fight
his darkness and die trying,
seeing the Dark One take control
of Jack, I've felt it.
Believe me.
But you've never felt it
inside of you.
The people that I've drained
and left to rot.
Mira's family?
I don't even remember.
Because the enjoyment
that I felt in killing,
the pleasure that I took
in people's pain.
[sobbing]
That's not who I was before.
It's not who you are now.
Ok? Ok.
[thunderous sounds]
[gasps]
I'm never gonna forget
that darkness.
That despair.
And you're never gonna
understand it.
But I will, though.
I have to, because
this shit ends now.
Wait! No, wait, wait,
wait, wait!
Violet!
Wait, wait.
What're you doing?
Enough hiding.
But The Vanator, it's gonna
make you open it
and then it's gonna kill you.
That's all it knows what to do.
You said that The Vanator
could be stopped
by whoever summoned it,
so if the Dark One summoned it
and this is part of her...
But we don't know that
for certain.
What choice do we have?
We might survive 'til dawn
but what about the next night?
And the next one?
We can't outrun this thing
and we can't even kill it
but the Dark One can
so I find‐
Violet. Don't.
I've never felt the darkness
like you have, you're right.
But I'm a Van Helsing
and it's my duty to resist
and destroy the darkness.
But are you strong enough?
I guess we'll see.
Oh, Violet.
Come to me.
Come, I command thee.
Don't listen to them.
You have served your purpose.
Help me purge the darkness.
The darkness must be purged.
No.
Give it to me.
[gasps]
♪
Close it! Close it!
Quickly! Close it!
Close it!
Argh!!!
You did it.
Did what?
The Dark One's still out there.
All I did is buy time.
But it's something.
It has to be.
We've all lost so much.
Jack, Vanessa, your sisters.
That's why we need to end it
once and for all.
I know what you were trapped in
all those years.
Nothing was your fault.
It was all I could do not
to fall off the edge.
What?
What? What'd you find?
It's Jack. It's Jack!
I‐ I've flipped through
this book over and over.
This‐ this definitely
was never here before.
Jack Van Helsing, 2000 ‐ 1778?
Do you think this has
anything to do
with the amulet changing, too?
I don't know.
But if Jack travelled back
in time...
To 1778.
She could have changed
both these things.
‐No way.
‐What?
These numbers. See?
Yeah, what about 'em?
They‐ they look
like coordinates.
She must want us
to go somewhere.
But this is a place
that Jack knew?
It must be.
And these numbers,
they tell you where?
Um... latitude and longitude.
It's on the east coast.
Orientation class was my
favourite and Jack knew that.
I can't believe she's gone.
But she left us a sign,
and we're gonna find it.
Together.
You know the darkness now.
And we're gonna kill it.
[engine starts]